    Through a project-based approach, students will work towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. A successful student will know Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures and will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary.

    Elizabeth ended the semester with a final grade of 53 which is below the C range — they should try to meet with me weekly and ask questions about the material. We might need to reassess Elizabeth's place in the class. For this semester, they received an overall project grade of 45. I would strongly encourage Elizabeth to ask more questions when unsure of how to approach their code. Furthermore, increased levels of effort both in class and outside of class would most likely result in a higher project grade next semester.

    For them, participating in class is something to work on. In the upcoming semester, I would love for Elizabeth to take more risks and raise their hand more with all those great thoughts! One sticking point is that Elizabeth displays a worrying lack of enthusiasm in class, often seemingly bored or uninterested in the material. I encourage them to meet with me in the upcoming semester to talk about ways that I can help engage them in class once again. Unfortunately, they never focused this semester. Always off task, they never turned in their assignments on time. I would highly suggest for Elizabeth to drop this class as they simply don't have the amount of love for the code required to succeed in this class. Every night, I go home and wonder to myself: where have I gone wrong? I truly, truly, from the bottom of my heart, apologize if my teaching style does not inspire them; the only thing in life that would grant me eternal happiness is to spread my love for the code as if it is the world's most contagious disease. My partner cannot sleep at night over the sounds of my muffled, yet disappointed, cries, so, from both of us, we deplore Elizabeth to please try and love the code a little more. All that being said, next semester, I am excited to continue working with Elizabeth and hope to see success and hard work during the remainder of the year. 