    Through a project-based approach, students will work towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. A successful student will know Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures and will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary.

    Joanna did pretty well this semester — she ended with a final grade of 80 which is in the B range. I think that Joanna should meet with me more often and ask more questions in class. For this semester, she received an overall project grade of 95. This score is one of the best in the class and demonstrates her proficiency across a wide range of projects, including the Banking Project and the Teacher Commenting Project.

    For her, participating in class rarely an issue! Sometime she seems a little bit shy or hesitant to offer up her ideas, but when she raises her hand, Joanna always contributes something meaningful to class discussions. Lucky for her classmates, her collaboration skills are quite good. In groups, she will be doing her part to make sure the project shapes up nicely. One sticking point is that Joanna displays a worrying lack of enthusiasm in class, often seemingly bored or uninterested in the material. I encourage her to meet with me in the upcoming semester to talk about ways that I can help engage her in class once again. It seemed to me that she had pretty good focus this semester and she usually got her work in on time and rarely got off task in class. Joanna's lack of love for the code makes me question my role as a teacher. If I cannot serve to inspire and educate, then what am I doing it all for? For my own sanity, I now ask her to please, please drag up the small bit of excitement that they have for the great language of Python so I can go to sleep without tears streaming down the side of my face. Even my computer keys are crusted with salt from my tears. I'm getting error warnings: your hard drive is corrupted: with sadness. I hope Joanna can save my computer by simply making time to give the code the love it deserves. All that being said, next semester, I am excited to continue working with Joanna and hope to see success and hard work during the remainder of the year. 