    Through a project-based approach, students will work towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. A successful student will know Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures and will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary.

    Sofia ended the semester with a final grade of 75 which is in the C range — she should try to meet with me weekly and ask questions about the material. For this semester, she received an overall project grade of 73. I would strongly encourage Sofia to ask more questions when unsure of how to approach her code. Furthermore, increased levels of effort both in class and outside of class would most likely result in a higher project grade next semester.

    For her, participating in class rarely an issue! Sometime she seems a little bit shy or hesitant to offer up her ideas, but when she raises her hand, Sofia always contributes something meaningful to class discussions. Lucky for her classmates, her collaboration skills are quite good. In groups, she will be doing her part to make sure the project shapes up nicely. One sticking point is that Sofia displays a worrying lack of enthusiasm in class, often seemingly bored or uninterested in the material. I encourage her to meet with me in the upcoming semester to talk about ways that I can help engage her in class once again. From my perspective, she had decent focus this semester, but she had a few late assignments and sometimes got off task in class. Sofia's lack of love for the code makes me question my role as a teacher. If I cannot serve to inspire and educate, then what am I doing it all for? For my own sanity, I now ask her to please, please drag up the small bit of excitement that they have for the great language of Python so I can go to sleep without tears streaming down the side of my face. Even my computer keys are crusted with salt from my tears. I'm getting error warnings: your hard drive is corrupted: with sadness. I hope Sofia can save my computer by simply making time to give the code the love it deserves. All that being said, next semester, I am excited to continue working with Sofia and hope to see success and hard work during the remainder of the year. 