    Through a project-based approach, students will work towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. A successful student will know Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures and will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary.

    Stacy did very well this semester — she ended with a final grade of 103 which is an A. For this semester, she received an overall project grade of 98. This score is one of the best in the class and demonstrates her proficiency across a wide range of projects, including the Banking Project and the Teacher Commenting Project.

    For her, participating in class is not an issue! Without overpowering her peers, Stacy offers her insights and contributes to class discussions in a meaningful and enlightening way. Lucky for her classmates, her collaboration skills are quite good. In groups, she will be doing her part to make sure the project shapes up nicely. Stacy is one of the most enthusiastic students I teach! I appreciated how she would always come to class ready to learn! I'm really glad she had such great focus this semester and she always got her work in on time and never got off task in class. Stacy has an extremely high level of love for the code! Sometimes, I worry that it rivals my own love for the code, but then I go home and code until the sun rises and once again I am confident in my own level of love for the code. However, she puts up some strong competition! Every day, she comes bounding into class with a look of pure joy and excitement on her face. This type of love for the code is why I teach. I truly applaud her. Love. For. The. Code. This is the key to success in CS. I foresee her at Google or Apple in a few short years. Never stop coding, Stacy. You will go far. All that being said, next semester, I am excited to continue working with Stacy and hope to see success and hard work during the remainder of the year. 