    Through a project-based approach, students will work towards mastering the fundamentals of computational thinking and problem-solving using the Python programming language. A successful student will know Python syntax, data types, program organization, algorithm design, and control structures and will be able to develop efficient, readable algorithms and debug code when necessary.

    William did well this semester — he ended with a final grade of 90 which is an A-. For this semester, he received an overall project grade of 70. I would strongly encourage William to ask more questions when unsure of how to approach his code. Furthermore, increased levels of effort both in class and outside of class would most likely result in a higher project grade next semester.

    For him, participating in class is not an issue at all, in fact it is a strength! Whenever I look his way, his hand is up! I have never ever been  in class and seen he hand not waving about in the air. I love the participation! And, his collaboration skills are great! When William is in a group, you can find him contributing, synthesizing, being accountable, and listening well to other group members. William is fairly enthusiastic in class and sometimes comes to class ready to learn. Next semester, I would love for William to meet with me if he might feel uninterested or unenthusiastic about what we are learning and I can take some steps to spark his interest once again. From my perspective, he had decent focus this semester, but he had a few late assignments and sometimes got off task in class. But most importantly in my book, a mediocre love for the code never got anyone anywhere. Do you think that Jobs and Wozniack just created a tech conglomerate out of thin air? I certainly don't. The basis of all computer science developments EVER was love for the code. William, I see you trying your best. Please try and love the code just a little more. It only takes one great function or fixed bug to inspire a loving coder until the end of time. All that being said, next semester, I am excited to continue working with William and hope to see success and hard work during the remainder of the year. 